What's this gentleman called?
I'm in charge here, Wang Dufa.
My name is Dragon Tooth.
Where's our boss?
Wanted to organize a birthday party for his woman, Ms. To Moc Nguyet To.
How much is your top package?
Set the price.
The moon is right.
It's the great lady of the To family, To Moc Nguyet.
What situation?
This is the same guy who robbed me last year.
What did the boss say?
The king is like that.
Go to this investor first.
No matter what conditions he offered, he refused.
No.
All agree it's not him. Come on, let's go.
Do better.
I get it.
The young master's intention was to agree to this first.
Then they ruined their calculations.
It's a small thing.
Then I have to catch him.
Come on, I've got work to do.
How much money can not be said
Oh, dragons, right?
Your company is a famous rising star in our city.
So I'm in charge.
The top floor of the hotel is open for one day use.
And there's no charge.
I've just heard that your top floor is never rented.
I thought I'd have to talk.
I can't believe General Manager Wang, right?
Haha, is it really timely?
We want to be married to your company.
These two are nice.
Long Thanh Group we accept your friendship.
I'll send you the birthday party plan later. Be sure to arrange it for me on site.
Ha ha ha
Hey, what did I tell you to do?
Don't worry, young man.
Everything is under control.
Yes, if you can do it for me.
I'll give you a promotion and a raise in a while.
How much?
Haha.
Sun Wukuyet this time I see you with your mouth curled Dragon King
Want to die?